# Web Experiments
* This site is a place for me to play, learn, and share.

# Why
* I want to a small private school, The Oaks: A Classical Christian Academy, from k-12 in Spokane. I really loved my time there and appreciate the education I recieved there. However, I was also limited there and in my extra ciricular activities. I didn't knoow much about graphic design or computer science and I really didn't give them much thought. I didn't think about the people who designed and created all of the content I saw and interacted with every day. 
* All I knew is that I liked drawing, crafts, and creating things out of limited materials. This meant that I pursued art classes, but they all tended to lean torwards crafts or formulaic version of drawing. My childhood art classes were dissapointing. I got better at drawing mostly through drawing books and practicing on my own terms.
* In late highschool I got outside of my limited bubble and explored 2d animation and coding. I became interested in animation because I loved animated tv shows and movies and I liked to draw. It took me a year and half to realize animation was not for me, but it did lead me to my first college, MCAD. There I finally learned what graphic design was and I fell in love with it. 
*  I picked up coding only because my vague knowledge lead me to believe I would enjoy it. At my highschool I did not get the luxury of choosing any of my classes until my senior year. Years previous to my senior year the seniors had the option of taking a coding class for which I was excited for. Until that class was replaced by a second year of an art class. So yet again I needed to take my education into my own hands. With no one to really guide I went to Kahn Academy and picked a coding course. I didn't know where to start and ended up learning javascript. I later learned HTML and CSS on Codecademy.
* For various reasons (money, mental health, and interesting in minoring in CS and Japanese) I left MCAD after my first year. I ended up at Eastern Washington University. It fit my needs, but I was also sorely disapointed after MCAD. The bar at the Oaks and MCAD was high for me. I had to really push myself and work hard to keep up. It was incredibly easy for me to succeed at EWU, which lead to me becoming bored and lazy in many of my classes. It was only through high level classes and taking on personal projects that helped me to stay engaged through college. 
* All of this has lead me here. I love Web and UX design, it's where I spend my free time. I will always be learning and this is my space to collect, experiment, and share. I want this space to grow with me as I leave structured education. Here is my space on the internet just for me to dream and imagine. Enjoy the documention of my learning. 